OKTA-413125 Overall style edit for OIE embedded auth content - part 1 (#2571)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-intro/index.md

* Code against a high-level SDK interface
* Provide greater flexibility to solve your specific branding requirements

> **Embedded Widget + SDK**: A quick and easy-to-set-up solution that moves most of the the heavy lifting to Okta. Although the amount of code that you need to write is small, many of the most advanced identity use cases (for example, social sign-in, multifactor authentication) are supported out of the box. Use the embedded Widget when you need:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Embedded Widget + SDK**: A quick and easy-to-set-up solution that leaves most of the the heavy lifting to Okta. Although the amount of code that you need to write is small, many of the most advanced identity use cases (for examples, social sign-in and multifactor authentication) are supported out of the box. Use the embedded Widget when you need:
```

* Quick and easy integration
* Features that are ready out of the box
* Simple configuration changes with no additional code for most functionalities, such as multifactor authentication

Learn how to implement these approaches with the [Embedded authentication guide](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/).

## Enable the Identity Engine for your organization

> To upgrade to the Identity Engine, reach out to your account manager. If you don't have an account manager, reach out to [oie@okta.com](mailto:oie@okta.com) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade to the Identity Engine, contact your account manager. If you don't have an account manager, contact [oie@okta.com](mailto:oie@okta.com) for more information.
```
